Fix rules hot reloading bug (#2375)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

> - Fixes bug with rules hot reloading in the Database emulator (#2371)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes a bug with RTDB Rules hot reloading in the RTDB emulator. (#2371)
```

? It's a little... too generic for my brain
